[MUSIC]
Welcome back,
here we are already at Week Three.
Did you see what I meant by taking your
basic knowledge to a higher level with
more Excel functions?
Last week we talked about data cleansing.
It's particularly important because it
helps us make sure the data is ready to
use and it's going to give you the raw
material you need to do your analysis.
This week, we're going to look at two
important functions within Excel,
logic statements and pivot tables.
Logic statements allow you to test
the contents of cells to see if they
meet the criteria that
you have established.
This helps our analysis by giving
us the flexibility to choose or
highlight different analytical paths.
After looking a logic statements we're
going to explore a powerful tool
within Excel called pivot tables.
A pivot table is an Excel tool
that allows you to summarize and
explore data interactively.
It takes data that's hard to understand
because of the sheer quantity of the data
and lets you summarize it, making it
more manageable and more meaningful.
Here's the great thing about pivot tables,
you can't break them.
Once you've connected with the data set or
sets you need,
a pivot table can help you quickly slice
and dice that data without impacting it.
First we'll show you an example
of how this is done, and
then you'll get the chance
to do it yourself.
This week's content really moves
beyond basic functions in Excel,
to ways you can more effectively
use it to conduct analysis.
The tools you'll be introduced
to will position you
to better analyze information.
Great job,
working through the content so far.
I'll be back next week to introduce
you to the final week of the course.
[MUSIC]